hi I'm Meredith thin and today I'm going
to do a little tutorial on how to
tightline your eyelashes and I find this
is the best way to do any sort of drama
to your eye without making it look like
you have a lot of makeup on any time I
do this I always be complemented i'm
home in my eyes locates the best thing
ever done alright so you're going to
take a gel i wouldn't spend a lot of
money on one this one i just got for a
few dollars at a drugstore it works
really good the moment we could spend
twenty dollars and that's the same thing
i'm gonna take your brush put to use a
lot liner brush like my ideas a
gentleman just kind of got it good job
if your eyelid and put up no really free
but the best way to do it let's take
your brush push the gel into the base of
your eyelashes like that
listen air
I do this pretty much even if i'm going
to do like a five-minute phase i do end
up taking the time to do this I can't do
it really fast
first we are not used to it tickle your
eyelashes but doesn't take very long
used to it see I'm times like you get a
little bit of smudges that's I'm just
kind of go make up again that up but
see can't really see like I have
eyeliner on but my lash line is very
fine it's pretty good